README.md, before:

# Portfolio
My name is jack Ifeanyi chuckwu Godwin-Agoh this reposirtoy reprasents the profesionl  part of life, that cover education, Job experience ,  small projects from such as
other websites i have doe in my own time or for school work etc.

# By March 

from this website i wish to achive plan that represents me and what i wish to do in the futere, this webpage should be able
to help and boost how  potential empolyers and anyone ele who acceses it see me and learn about how i am and how i conduct myself. 

#Past HTML Projects 

here is my fist website i made, it was a school project and it was an.....experince as you can see it is vey basic html and css and notjhing to write home about.
However i think its good to have it here to show how far i have come
( Warframe Website ([https://duckduckgo.com](https://jackgodwinagoh.github.io/Warframe/))

# Travel 

![The San Juan Mountains are beautiful](https://th.bing.com/th/id/R.6eac31bff898dd0966381b6ccee2a0c7?rik=R8eN3n7W6qJ5QQ&pid=ImgRaw&r=0)

Commit message:

Added to the goals  and how i want people to see it

README.md, after:

# Portfolio
My name is Jack Ifeanyi chuckwu Godwin-Agoh this reposirtoy reprasents the profesionl  part of life, that cover education, Job experience ,  small projects from such as
other websites i have doe in my own time or for school work etc.

# By March 

from this website i wish to achive plan that represents me and what i wish to do in the futere, this webpage should be ableb to help and boost how  potential empolyers and anyone ele who acceses it see me and learn about how i am and how i conduct myself. 

## Freinds 
if anyone i actually know were to come to this site i would want them to be super impressed by this since they wouldn’t know anything about coding this site would just be a big show of what i can do basic or not to them it’ll seem like i’m a professional. it will show them i have a serious drive to stay committed to my goals and the line of work i want to pursue and who knows maybe i’ll inspire them to learn some coding as well

# Past HTML Projects 

here is my fist website i made, it was a school project and it was an.....experince as you can see it is vey basic html and css and notjhing to write home about.
However i think its good to have it here to show how far i have come
( Warframe Website ([https://duckduckgo.com](https://jackgodwinagoh.github.io/Warframe/))


# Goals 
i want to become a computer scientist because i think it's cool to have the creative freedom to do whatever you want whenever you want, create any game and then only limit be your imagination. I could create any game, any website if i just sit down and commit myself to it. 
My end goal is to become a game developer and create my own line of games, they don’t even need to be popular just so as long as they are mine if they become popular that’s just a bonus, i haven’t really thought about what industry or company i want to work for but i am looking for the ones to avoid mainly the ones who abuse developers that work for them. 
## School 
Before all that i need to get my education outta the way so i have the skill equipped to achieve my goal, as of now my plan is to get a bachelor is in computer science and get a masters in another masters in computing and finally get a some sort of degree in game development. I really don’t care where i go for my bachelors but for my masters i think it hold more weight as im swaying either way to get a masters in computer science or in game development or just follow the plan you can see above, the way i see it the job market for my field is oversaturated with low yield candidates so i would like to stand out by having a plethora of skills in multiple languages instead of just one hence the two separate areas of computer science that would in turn allow me to learn the languages. 




# Travel 

![The San Juan Mountains are beautiful](https://th.bing.com/th/id/R.6eac31bff898dd0966381b6ccee2a0c7?rik=R8eN3n7W6qJ5QQ&pid=ImgRaw&r=0)
